 I have to return some videotapes.
 There are no more barriers to cross. All I have in common with the uncontrollable and the insane, the vicious and the evil, all the mayhem I have caused and my utter indifference toward it I have now surpassed. My pain is constant and sharp, and I do not hope for a better world for anyone. In fact, I want my pain to be inflicted on others. I want no one to escape. But even after admitting this, there is no catharsis; my punishment continues to elude me, and I gain no deeper knowledge of myself. No new knowledge can be extracted from my telling. This confession has meant nothing.
 I'm into, uh, well, murders and executions, mostly.
 I like to dissect girls. Did you know I'm utterly insane?
 In '87, Huey released this, Fore, their most accomplished album. I think their undisputed masterpiece is "Hip to be Square", a song so catchy, most people probably don't listen to the lyrics. But they should, because it's not just about the pleasures of conformity, and the importance of trends, it's also a personal statement about the band itself.
 There is an idea of a Patrick Bateman; some kind of abstraction. But there is no real me: only an entity, something illusory. And though I can hide my cold gaze, and you can shake my hand and feel flesh gripping yours and maybe you can even sense our lifestyles are probably comparable... I simply am not there.
 You're a fucking ugly bitch. I want to stab you to death, and then play around with your blood.
 Duct tape. I need it for... taping something.
 There is a moment of sheer panic when I realize that Paul's apartment overlooks the park... and is obviously more expensive than mine.
 Not if you want to keep your spleen.
 You're inhuman. No... I'm in touch with humanity.
 My need to engage in homicidal behaviour on a massive scale cannot be corrected but, uh, I have no other way to fulfill my needs.
 I can't believe that Bryce prefers Van Patten's card to mine.
 Well, for one thing, I think he was probably a closet homosexual who did a lot of cocaine. That whole Yale thing.
 I'm on the verge of tears by the time we arrive at Espace, since I'm positive we won't have a decent table. But we do, and relief washes over me in an awesome wave.
 No Luis. It's not me. You're mistaken.
 Evelyn, I'm sorry. I just, uh... you're not terribly important to me.
 No, I like music. Just they're... Huey's too black sounding for me. 